add new sso and scim faqs (#8963)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/cloud/manage-access/sso-overview.md

2. Alert all <Constant name="dbt" /> users that they won’t be able to use a password for logging in anymore unless they are already an Admin with a password.
3. We **DO NOT** recommend promoting any users to Admins just to preserve password-based logins because you will reduce security of your <Constant name="dbt" /> environment.

## FAQ and troubleshooting

> For common questions and troubleshooting guidance, see [SSO FAQ and troubleshooting](/docs/cloud/manage-access/sso-faq).

Author: ```suggestion
For common questions and troubleshooting guidance, see [SSO FAQs and troubleshooting](/docs/cloud/manage-access/sso-faq).
```

> For common questions and troubleshooting guidance, see [SSO FAQs and troubleshooting](/docs/cloud/manage-access/sso-faq).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For common questions and troubleshooting guidance, refer to [SSO FAQs and troubleshooting](/docs/cloud/manage-access/sso-faq).
```
